# Voucherify.Model.ValidationRulesGetResponseBody
Response body schema for **GET** `v1/validation-rules/{validationRuleId}`.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Name** | **string** | Custom, unique name for set of validation rules. | [optional] 
**Rules** | **Object** | Contains all the rule definitions for the validation rule. It is a set of key value pairs representing the rules and logic between the rules. The keys are numbered consecutively beginning from &#x60;1&#x60;. The values are objects containing the rule conditions. | [optional] 
**BundleRules** | **Object** | Contains all the definitions for the bundle rules. It is a set of key value pairs representing the rules and logic between them. The keys are numbered consecutively beginning from &#x60;1&#x60;. The values are objects containing the rule conditions.  While updating with the PUT method, you can pass &#x60;\&quot;bundle_rules\&quot;: null&#x60; to delete the configuration; in the response, an empty object is then returned. | [optional] 
**Error** | [**ValidationRulesGetResponseBodyError**](ValidationRulesGetResponseBodyError.md) |  | [optional] 
**ApplicableTo** | [**ValidationRulesGetResponseBodyApplicableTo**](ValidationRulesGetResponseBodyApplicableTo.md) |  | [optional] 
**Type** | **string** | Type of validation rule. | [optional] [default to TypeEnum.Expression]
**ContextType** | **string** | Validation rule context type.    | **Context Type** | **Definition** | |:- --|:- --| | earning_rule.order.paid |  | | earning_rule.custom_event |  | | earning_rule.customer.segment.entered |  | | campaign.discount_coupons |  | | campaign.discount_coupons.discount.apply_to_order |  | | campaign.discount_coupons.discount.apply_to_items |  | | campaign.discount_coupons.discount.apply_to_items_proportionally |  | | campaign.discount_coupons.discount.apply_to_items_proportionally_by_quantity |  | | campaign.discount_coupons.discount.fixed.apply_to_items |  | | campaign.gift_vouchers |  | | campaign.gift_vouchers.gift.apply_to_order |  | | campaign.gift_vouchers.gift.apply_to_items |  | | campaign.referral_program |  | | campaign.referral_program.discount.apply_to_order |  | | campaign.referral_program.discount.apply_to_items |  | | campaign.referral_program.discount.apply_to_items_proportionally |  | | campaign.referral_program.discount.apply_to_items_proportionally_by_quantity |  | | campaign.referral_program.discount.fixed.apply_to_items |  | | campaign.promotion |  | | campaign.promotion.discount.apply_to_order |  | | campaign.promotion.discount.apply_to_items |  | | campaign.promotion.discount.apply_to_items_proportionally |  | | campaign.promotion.discount.apply_to_items_proportionally_by_quantity |  | | campaign.promotion.discount.fixed.apply_to_items |  | | campaign.loyalty_program |  | | voucher.discount_voucher |  | | voucher.discount_voucher.discount.apply_to_order |  | | voucher.discount_voucher.discount.apply_to_items |  | | voucher.discount_voucher.discount.apply_to_items_proportionally |  | | voucher.discount_voucher.discount.apply_to_items_proportionally_by_quantity |  | | voucher.discount_voucher.discount.fixed.apply_to_items |  | | voucher.gift_voucher |  | | voucher.gift_voucher.gift.apply_to_order |  | | voucher.gift_voucher.gift.apply_to_items |  | | voucher.loyalty_card |  | | distribution.custom_event |  | | reward_assignment.pay_with_points |  | | global |  | | [optional] [default to ContextTypeEnum.Global]
**Id** | **string** | Unique validation rule ID. | [optional] 
**CreatedAt** | **DateTimeOffset?** | Timestamp representing the date and time when the validation rule was created. The value is shown in the ISO 8601 format. | [optional] 
**UpdatedAt** | **DateTimeOffset?** | Timestamp representing the date and time when the validation rule was updated. The value is shown in the ISO 8601 format. | [optional] 
**AssignmentsCount** | **int?** | The number of instances the validation rule has been assigned to different types of redeemables. | [optional] 
**Object** | **string** | The type of the object represented by JSON. This object stores information about the validation rule. | [optional] [default to "validation_rules"]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

